
View 1 - Login page:
Users enter username and password. if any input is incorrect they recieve message.
then based on whether user is employee or manager, it takes them to their respective homepage.

view 2 - employee homepage:
greeting employee at the top with a logout button in top right corner.
left side of the page has a tab (like in the notes app on macbooks) list of avaialable modules for employee.
the rest of the page will just have a list of the employee upcoming visits, and each one has a button to view the visits details.
the modules avaiable to the employee with their views:
Visitor module:
the main visitor page view will have a list of all the visitors in the database and their information.
there will be a button at the top of the list that takes them to a new view to add a new visitor.
the add new visitor view will be simple, just input visitor information and add button at the bottom that takes them back to visitor page.
there will also be a search bar to the right of the add visitor button to search for visitor by name.
Visit module:
the main visit page will be similar to the visitor module.
the only difference is that the add new visitor button will be replaced by a request visit button that takes them to a new view to request a visit.
this request visit page will prompt the user to complete the request in a series of steps:
step1 - enter the visit title, description and visit type (selected from dropdown menu that shows all types for VisitType database table)
step2 - choose visitors from list of all visitors in database (when choosing each visitor this will create a new VisitVisitor record for each visitor within this visit)
step3- select date through calendar, and set start and end times
step4- enter request
user will be taken back to visit page where they can see new visit record with 'pending'  in its info.

View 3- manager homepage:
greeting managerat the top with a logout button in top right corner.
left side of the page has a tab (like in the notes app on macbooks) list of avaialable modules for manager.
the rest of the page will just have a list of all upcoming visits (for all employees), and each one has a button to view the visits details.
the modules avaiable to the manager with their views:
Visitor module:
similar to the employee view, however without the add new visitor button. they can only view.
Visit module:
similar to employee view, however they cannot request new visit, only view.
Approval module:
recieve a list of all pending visit requests. a search bar at the top right. each visit in the list has a button that says manage that takes manager to the approving page.
this page will display all the information for the visit that was inputted during the request, as well as the employee who submitted it.
the visitors for this visit will be listed with their information and with a checkbox next to each one to approve or deny them.
there will be a button above the list to approve all visitors at once.
there will be a submit button at the bottom that submits the visit as approved as well as the visitors (and adds the manager as the approving manager to the VisitVisitor records).
next to it there will be a button to reject the entire visit and the visitors at once.
then the user is taken back to the approval module main page.